as they are welcome to my channel
the lupita recipes today I'm going
to show them how to make an ice cream
cheese is very easy to make this ice cream
we are going to need a liter of base for
ice cream remember that this base and the
we have in the channel and I'm going to leave them
in the description box the link
so you can see how it
make this ice cream base
we're going to need cream cheese and
I in this case have a bar of more
of a kilo but we're just going to
need 200 grams of cheese
so let's start with our side
and the first thing we're going to do
you already know is to beat our cream
until I double its volume
let's let it beat
and while we are going to start our 200
grams of our cheese that should be at
room temperature
here I already have my cheese split
Now let's add it to our base
for ice cream
let's start adding our cheese
remember that you have to be
room temperature and I split it in
pieces to make it easier in
mingle
let's finish beating
let's pay for our blender and let's
empty our ice cream in a container
aluminum or plastic to carry it
to the freezer
well we emptied our ice cream now
let's take it to the freezer for a
time to later take it out we're going to
to beat again we will return to
go back to the freezer and we go back to
beat all this procedure that
We always make for our ice cream like this
it's like our ice cream has been
I served it on a plate of
chocolate
and well I hope that this recipe will
have liked do not forget to share
the video to subscribe to the channel and
we'll see each other until next time
recipe
ah
to